[FEATURE] Add JavaScript Modal API (#1042)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/JavaScript/Modules/Index.rst

The following APIs are usually used in the TYPO3 backend by the core itself but may also
be used by extensions.

Modals
======

> Actions that require a users' attention must be visualized by modal windows.

Reviewer: afaik it must be "require a user's".

TYPO3 provides an API as basis to create modal windows with severity representation. For better UX,

> if actions (buttons) are attached to the modal, one button must be a positive action. This button

Reviewer: I don't get the last sentence.

should get a `btnClass` and is set as active.

> Modals should be used rarely and only for confirmations. For information the TYPO3.Flashmessage API should be used.

Reviewer: :code:\`TYPO3.Flashmessage\`

For complex content, like forms or a lot of information, please use normal pages.

API
---

The API provides only two public methods:

#. :code:`TYPO3.Modal.confirm(title, content, severity, buttons)`
#. :code:`TYPO3.Modal.dismiss()`

Modal Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

========= =============== ============ ======================================================================================================
Name      DataType        Mandatory    Description
========= =============== ============ ======================================================================================================
title     string          Yes          The title displayed in the modal
content   string|jQuery   Yes          The content displayed in the modal

> severity  int                          Represents the severity of a modal. Please see TYPO3.Severity. Default is :code:`TYPO3.Severity.info`.

Reviewer: :code:\`TYPO3.Severity\`

========= =============== ============ ======================================================================================================

Button Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================== =============== ============ ========================================================================================================
Name               DataType        Mandatory    Description
================== =============== ============ ========================================================================================================
text               string          Yes          The text rendered into the button.
trigger / action   function        Yes          Callback that's triggered on button click - either simple function or `DeferredAction`/`ImmediateAction`
active             bool                         Marks the button as active. If true, the button gets the focus.
btnClass           string                       The css class for the button
================== =============== ============ ========================================================================================================

> Data-Attributes

Reviewer: superfluous dash

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is also possible to use data-attributes to trigger a modal.
e.g. on an anchor element, which prevents the default behavior.

========================= ==================================================================
Name                      Description
========================= ==================================================================
data-title                the title text for the modal
data-content              the content text for the modal

> data-severity             the severity for the modal, default is info (see TYPO3.Severity.*)

Reviewer: :code:\`TYPO3.Severity.*\`

data-href                 the target URL, default is the href attribute of the element
data-button-close-text    button text for the close/cancel button
data-button-ok-text       button text for the ok button
========================= ==========================================================================

:code:`class="t3js-modal-trigger"` marks the element as modal trigger

Examples
--------

> A basic modal without any specials can be created this way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A basic modal (without anything special) can be created this way:
```
OR A basic modal can be created this way:
